RM: linux: Add detail on how to use the LmP generated SDK (#491)
foundriesio/docs: source/reference-manual/linux/building-sdk.rst

The SDK is used to replicate the tools and files from the target image,
but without depending on BitBake.

> For details on what is SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on what the SDK is
```

> and a complete description of how to work with SDK,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and a complete description of how to work with it,
```

    params:
        BUILD_SDK: "1"

> The SDK image is available under ``SDK`` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SDK image is available under the ``SDK`` folder.
```

.. figure:: /_static/reference/sdk-artifact.png
   :align: center

   Where to find the SDK install script

Installation
------------

After downloading the SDK install script,
you can install it in any folder.

> In this example, we use the ``/usr/local/cortexa53-crypto`` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we use ``/usr/local/cortexa53-crypto``.
```
optional

The SDK image is available under ``SDK`` folder.

.. figure:: /_static/reference/sdk-artifact.png
   :align: center

   Where to find the SDK install script

Installation
------------

After downloading the SDK install script,
you can install it in any folder.
In this example, we use the ``/usr/local/cortexa53-crypto`` folder.

.. prompt:: text

  $ ./lmp-x86_64-cortexa53-crypto-toolchain-4.0.3-22-88-13-gacdf0df.sh
  Linux-microPlatform SDK installer version 4.0.3-22-88-13-gacdf0df
  =================================================================
  Enter target directory for SDK (default: /usr/local/lmp-x86_64): /usr/local/cortexa53-crypto
  You are about to install the SDK to "/usr/local/cortexa53-crypto". Proceed [Y/n]? y
  Extracting SDK.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................done
  Setting it up...done
  SDK has been successfully set up and is ready to be used.
  Each time you wish to use the SDK in a new shell session, you need to source the environment setup script e.g.

> After the installation,
> the resultant folder has the ``sysroots`` for the host and target architecture,
> along with the script used to setup the environment to work with the SDK:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the installation, the resultant folder has the ``sysroots`` for the host and target architecture.
It also contains the script used to setup the environment to work with the SDK:
```
Truly just a suggestion; this would address the sentence length warning reported by the linter.

.. prompt:: text

    $ tree -L 2
    .
    ├── environment-setup-cortexa53-crypto-lmp-linux
    ├── site-config-cortexa53-crypto-lmp-linux
    ├── sysroots
    │   ├── cortexa53-crypto-lmp-linux
    │   └── x86_64-oesdk-linux
    └── version-cortexa53-crypto-lmp-linux

    3 directories, 3 files

To use the toolchain and the ``sysroots`` from the newly installed SDK,
source the script as in the following instructions:

.. prompt:: text

  $ source /usr/local/cortexa53-crypto/environment-setup-cortexa53-crypto-lmp-linux
  $ cd helloworld/
  $ $CC helloworld.c -o helloworld
  $ ./helloworld
    bash: ./helloworld: cannot execute binary file: Exec format error
  $ file helloworld
    helloworld: ELF 64-bit LSB pie executable, ARM aarch64, version 1 (SYSV), dynamically linked, interpreter /lib/ld-linux-aarch64.so.1, BuildID[sha1]=80e241327bd3412b91c2035cbacb73e87797e0b5, for GNU/Linux 3.14.0, with debug_info, not stripped

With the exported environment variable,
it is possible to build using the toolchain
and, when needed, to use the header or other files from the ``sysroots``.

> In the example,
> we see that the generated file can not be executed
> in the host machine,
> and when using ``file`` we learn
> it is because the binary is for ``ARM aarch64`` architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example, we see that the generated file can not be executed on the host machine.
Using ``file``,  we learn this is because the binary is for ``ARM aarch64`` architecture.
```
